fix(svg): render red stroke in <use> example (#44696)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/svg/reference/element/use/index.md

## Example

> The following example shows how to use the `<use>` element to draw a circle with a different fill and stroke color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to use the `<use>` element to draw multiple circles with different fill and stroke colors.
```
